Project Documentation

Support Token Management System

Project Description: A “Support Token Management System”, also known as queue management
system, is a software to manage crowd / queues efficiently by issuing tokens in customer-facing
businesses and departments. It reduces wait times for customers and makes service smooth.
A software company provides different types of software services to it’s customers. So keep tracking of
customer services is very essential for a company. “Support Token Management System” plays a vital
role in this situation. Using this software, authorized users can add token regarding software related
issue. Then support team will work to fix that issue. User can also prioritize their issues for quick
fixation. After solving the issue software team can mark that token as done.

Modules: I’ve divided the whole software mainly in 4 modules.
  1. Login module
  2. Service module
  3. Token module
  4. User module

1. Login module: This module will handle login system. Unauthorized users can not access the
software.

2. Service module: This module will handle the services a company provides. Admin can add
new services , Edit existing services, disable a service.

3. Token module: This module will handle all tokens issued by clients or admins. Authorized
user can add a token, Admin or Super admin can edit or delete a token.

4. User module: This module will handle all types of users. Users will have 4 types.
  i. super admin  
  ii. admin
  iii. employee
  iv. clients

i. Super admin: Super admin will have all the accesses. Super admin will be able to add /
delete / edit other admins, employees, clients and tokens. All the modules will be visible
to super admin.

ii. Admin: Admin will be able to add tokens, employees, clients and edit/delete them.

iii. Employee: Employee will be able to add tokens and clients.

iv. Client: Client will be able to add tokens.

Database: 
  There are 8 tables in the Database. These are:
    ▪ categories
    ▪ clients
    ▪ departments
    ▪ products
    ▪ supports
    ▪ team
    ▪ tickets
    ▪ users
